README.md, before:

# Firefly III: A personal finances manager 

[![Requires PHP7.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-7.1-red.svg)](https://secure.php.net/downloads.php) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/grumpydictator/firefly-iii/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/grumpydictator/firefly-iii) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-lightgrey.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) 




[![The index of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/ccynyxy0/400)](https://i.nder.be/h327vx3y) [![The account overview of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/g8v86y2g/400)](https://i.nder.be/hkpynqr9)

[![The useful financial reports of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/cs3qx4f3/400)](https://i.nder.be/cwznmryd) [![Saving money is easy!](https://i.nder.be/gpq6ykym/400)](https://i.nder.be/gum2qf8z)

"Firefly III" is a financial manager for your personal finances. It can help you keep track of your expenses and income.
Firefly III supports the use of budgets. You can categorize and tag your transactions.
It also supports credit cards, shared  household accounts and savings accounts.
There are many financial reports available.

## Want to try Firefly III?

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tree/master)

Firefly III can be run on Heroku.
Register for a free Heroku account and instantly run Firefly III on your very own cloud instance!
There is also a **[demo site](https://firefly-iii.nder.be)** with an example financial administration already present. 

## Install Firefly III

### Using docker

You can use docker-compose to [set up your personal secure](https://firefly-iii.github.io/using-docker.html) Firefly III environment. Advanced users can use the Dockerfile directly. 

### Using vagrant (or other VMs)

You can install Firefly III on any Linux or Windows machine. You'll need a web server (preferrably on Linux) and access to the command line. Please read the [installation guide](https://firefly-iii.github.io/using-installing.html).

### Using Heroku

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tree/master)

## More about Firefly III

Personal financial management is pretty difficult, and everybody has their own approach to it.
Some people make budgets, other people limit their cashflow by throwing away their credit cards, 
others try to increase their current cashflow. There are tons of ways to save and earn money.

Firefly works on the principle that if you know where you're money is going, you can stop it from going there.

### Some advantages of using Firefly

- Firefly can import any CSV file, so migrating from other systems is easy.
- Firefly runs on your own server, so you are fully in control of your data. Remember, there is no such thing as "the cloud", it’s just somebody else’s computer!
- Firefly has lots of features without being fancy or bloated.
- If you feel you're missing something you can just ask me and I'll add it!

Firefly III has become pretty awesome over the years! (but please excuse me for bragging, it's just that I'm proud of it).
[You can read more about Firefly III, and its features, on the Github Pages](https://firefly-iii.github.io/).

### Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on contributing, and the process for submitting pull requests. Please check out the [code of conduct](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as well.

### Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see [the tags](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tags) on this repository.

### Authors

* James Cole
* Over time, [many people have contributed to Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/graphs/contributors).

### License

This work [is licensed](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/LICENSE) under the [GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

### Other stuff

If you like Firefly and if it helps you save lots of money, why not send me [a dime for every dollar saved](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) (this is a joke, although the Paypal form works just fine, try it!)

If you want to contact me, please open an issue or [email me](mailto:thegrumpydictator@gmail.com).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) [![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/?branch=master) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii?branch=master)

Commit message:

Add sandstorm reference to read me.

README.md, after:

# Firefly III: A personal finances manager 

[![Requires PHP7.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-7.1-red.svg)](https://secure.php.net/downloads.php) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/grumpydictator/firefly-iii/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/grumpydictator/firefly-iii) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-lightgrey.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) 




[![The index of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/ccynyxy0/400)](https://i.nder.be/h327vx3y) [![The account overview of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/g8v86y2g/400)](https://i.nder.be/hkpynqr9)

[![The useful financial reports of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/cs3qx4f3/400)](https://i.nder.be/cwznmryd) [![Saving money is easy!](https://i.nder.be/gpq6ykym/400)](https://i.nder.be/gum2qf8z)

"Firefly III" is a financial manager for your personal finances. It can help you keep track of your expenses and income.
Firefly III supports the use of budgets. You can categorize and tag your transactions.
It also supports credit cards, shared  household accounts and savings accounts.
There are many financial reports available.

## Want to try Firefly III?

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tree/master)

Firefly III can be run on Heroku.
Register for a free Heroku account and instantly run Firefly III on your very own cloud instance!
There is also a **[demo site](https://firefly-iii.nder.be)** with an example financial administration already present. 

## Install Firefly III

### Using docker

You can use docker-compose to [set up your personal secure](https://firefly-iii.github.io/using-docker.html) Firefly III environment. Advanced users can use the Dockerfile directly. 

### Using vagrant (or other VMs)

You can install Firefly III on any Linux or Windows machine. You'll need a web server (preferrably on Linux) and access to the command line. Please read the [installation guide](https://firefly-iii.github.io/using-installing.html).

### Using Heroku

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tree/master)

### Using Sandstorm.io

You can find Firefly III in [the Sandstorm.io marketplace](https://apps.sandstorm.io/app/uws252ya9mep4t77tevn85333xzsgrpgth8q4y1rhknn1hammw70). You can run it on your own installation or on Oasis.

## More about Firefly III

Personal financial management is pretty difficult, and everybody has their own approach to it.
Some people make budgets, other people limit their cashflow by throwing away their credit cards, 
others try to increase their current cashflow. There are tons of ways to save and earn money.

Firefly works on the principle that if you know where you're money is going, you can stop it from going there.

### Some advantages of using Firefly

- Firefly can import any CSV file, so migrating from other systems is easy.
- Firefly runs on your own server, so you are fully in control of your data. Remember, there is no such thing as "the cloud", it’s just somebody else’s computer!
- Firefly has lots of features without being fancy or bloated.
- If you feel you're missing something you can just ask me and I'll add it!

Firefly III has become pretty awesome over the years! (but please excuse me for bragging, it's just that I'm proud of it).
[You can read more about Firefly III, and its features, on the Github Pages](https://firefly-iii.github.io/).

### Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on contributing, and the process for submitting pull requests. Please check out the [code of conduct](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) as well.

### Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see [the tags](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tags) on this repository.

### Authors

* James Cole
* Over time, [many people have contributed to Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/graphs/contributors).

### License

This work [is licensed](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/LICENSE) under the [GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

### Other stuff

If you like Firefly and if it helps you save lots of money, why not send me [a dime for every dollar saved](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) (this is a joke, although the Paypal form works just fine, try it!)

If you want to contact me, please open an issue or [email me](mailto:thegrumpydictator@gmail.com).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) [![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/?branch=master) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii?branch=master)
